Making hardcoded few shots compatible with the chat template mechanism (#1895)
EleutherAI/lm-evaluation-harness: docs/new_task_guide.md

```yaml
fewshot_split: <split name to draw fewshot examples from, or `null`>
```
or by hardcoding them, using the following in the yaml file:
```yaml
fewshot_config:
  sampler: first_n
  samples: [
    {<sample 1>},
    {<sample 2>},
  ]
```

> In this case, each sample must follow the same pattern as the samples in the above sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, each sample must contain the same fields as the samples in the above sets--for example, if `doc_to_text` expects an `input` field when rendering input prompts, these provided samples must include an `input` key.
```

```yaml
fewshot_split: <split name to draw fewshot examples from, or `null`>
```
or by hardcoding them, either using the following in the yaml file:
```yaml
fewshot_config:
  sampler: first_n
  samples: [
    {<sample 1>},
    {<sample 2>},
  ]
```
or by adding the function `list_fewshot_samples` in the associated utils.py file:
```python
def list_fewshot_samples() -> list[dict]:
  return [{<sample 1>}, {<sample 2>}]
```

> In this case, each sample must contain the same fields as the samples in the above sets--for example, if `doc_to_text` expects an `input` field when rendering input prompts, these provided samples must include an `input` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See `lm_eval/tasks/minerva_math/minerva_math_algebra.yaml` for an example of the latter, and `lm_eval/tasks/gsm8k/gsm8k-cot.yaml` for an example of the former.

In this case, each sample must contain the same fields as the samples in the above sets--for example, if `doc_to_text` expects an `input` field when rendering input prompts, these provided samples must include an `input` key.
```
